.\" dpkg manual page - deb-conffiles(5)
.\"
.\" Copyright © 2016-2017 Guillem Jover <guillem@debian.org>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.
.TH deb\-conffiles 5 "2019-02-23" "1.19.5-5-gba009" "dpkg suite"
.nh
.SH NAME
deb\-conffiles \- package conffiles
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
conffiles
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
A package declares its list of conffiles by including a \fIconffiles\fP file
in its control archive (i.e. \fIDEBIAN/conffiles\fP during package creation).
.PP
This file contains a list of files, one per line.
They should be listed as absolute pathnames, and should exist in the binary
package, otherwise \fBdpkg\fP(1) will ignore them (although by default
\fBdpkg\-deb\fP(1) will refuse to build such binary packages).
Trailing whitespace will be trimmed, and empty lines will be ignored.
.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
/Users/imokhles/Downloads/dpkg/ios-build/platform/i386-sim/etc/alternatives/README
/Users/imokhles/Downloads/dpkg/ios-build/platform/i386-sim/etc/cron.daily/dpkg
/Users/imokhles/Downloads/dpkg/ios-build/platform/i386-sim/etc/dpkg/dpkg.cfg
/Users/imokhles/Downloads/dpkg/ios-build/platform/i386-sim/etc/logrotate.d/dpkg
.fi
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dpkg\-deb (1),
.BR dpkg (1).
